Life’s not easy when trouble’s around
And the whole situation is getting you down.
So-called friends, they just want a reaction.
Turn to Jehovah and pray—
Silently pray.
Don’t give up; don’t give in.
Put your trust in Jehovah.
Keep it calm; we can win
If we stop, think, and pray.
When there seems no way out,
He’ll be there, always by our side.
He will be our guide, never doubt;
No, just stop, think, and pray.
Make Jehovah smile.
Let him show the way.
Ev’ry day will have troubles to share.
There are bills to be paid
with no money to spare.
Even so, we’ll be happy in giving
If we can make someone smile—
Make someone smile.
Never doubt; never fear.
Put your trust in Jehovah.
And our road will be clear
If we stop, think, and pray.
When we’re weak, we are strong.
And we’ll see he was by our side.
He has been our guide all along.
Always stop, think, and pray.
Make Jehovah smile.
Let him show the way.
Put your trust in Jehovah.
And our road will be clear
If we stop, think, and pray.
When we’re weak, we are strong.
And we’ll see he was by our side.
He has been our guide all along.
Always stop, think, and pray.
Make Jehovah smile.
Thank him ev’ry day.